crispy roast duck with pancakes with the
added kick of a black bean dipping sauce
Meghan gonna help with the duck learning
your favorite yes now how's your
boyfriend right I'm going haha
that woke you up didn't it so what do
you love most about duck do dipping
sauce the dipping sauce look at the duck
in heaven first a little bit of salt in
there please
then some pepper thank you some spring
onion garlic and ginger now why do then
we pour that they're seasoned it on
flavor how comes you put them in hole
like that and not smaller it's going
inside I'm not using it for saucer I
think so it's just gonna make it really
nice well they star anis already but him
so what happens as the duck roast on the
outside it creates this really nice
perfume aroma inside tuck that in there
to get a spicy rub all that Chinese
five-spice yeah over almost like you're
massaging good to make sure you get it
all in in the little wing see underneath
her just that I used to do to you my
bath is that why she lit what happened
is huh I know those days are long gone I
know I know I know that oh that is
seriously spicy with the duck has
generally quite a lot of fat there yeah
so we'll put it on this little bench
okay
and that goes there by slowly roasting
it I guess he'd get nice and crisp on
the outside all that fat is gonna render
inside the breast so therefore is gonna
get all nice and juicy
yeah right ducks in three and a half
hours at 160 degrees Celsius your
favorite part you said was the dipping
sauce why is your favorite part I think
it really adds to the dark it makes it
really tasty seen as is your favorite
now you can make it I'm gonna do nothing
okay daddy's gonna beat feet up so first
off the garlic there's one good girl
watch your fingers please
always
good mask are you fast huh which fingers
I am
what's your fingers slide slow down
please
14 all right that's enough
hmm right your teaspoon of olive oil in
few years time are we teaching how to
drive as well as cook how exciting is
out unite a car scary okay garlic
in crispy duck is traditionally served
with hoisin sauce but my brewed love the
additional big bold punch of black beans
nice Megan and I add soy sauce and
lastly for that classic Chinese
sweet-and-sour element brown rice
vinegar and honey
oh you happy the flavor I'm really happy
can taste everything in there dipping
sauce done ducks in the oven how's it up
crispy
Wow and do dishes now Chris where's it's
really crispy that's what happens when
it's slow cooks so 20 minutes for the
duck to rest
time to knock up a quick hoisin and
cucumber salad to put in our crispy duck
pancakes for the dressing combined
hoisin sauce rice wine vinegar soy sauce
a dash of sesame oil and to give it out
singing Asian punch some freshly grated
root ginger
[Music]
for the salad trim and cut spring onions
into very fine matchsticks peel a whole
cucumber into long thin ribbons and
shred in a couple of baby gem lettuces
season and toss this fresh crunchy salad
in a sweet yummy hoisin dressing a
combination that never fails to get the
kids eating their greens duck crispy the
sauce kick of a salad ready so you take
them and your dipping sauce him over
thank you I'll take the duck don't drop
it
promise Oh
okay
my ultimate big and bold dinner of
crispy roast duck with pancakes with a
hoisin dress salad and some extra oomph
from Megan's favorite black bean dipping
sauce you know
nice
[Music]
Paolo have you be a bit more duck in
there
honestly it's like a love burrito
you